chore: Point to dom-examples webxr demo (#40236)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/webxr_device_api/movement_and_motion/index.md

### Putting it all together

> When you take the code and add in HTML and some additional JavaScript, you have something like the following [webxr demo in the mdn/dom-examples repository](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/webxr/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you take the code and add in HTML and some additional JavaScript, you'll have something like our [WebXR: Example with rotating object and user movement](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/webxr/) demo.
```
